Latest Slesarev's Data, logging, organoleptic changes (#24)
Alzymologist/yeast: doc/yeast-capture.md

The yeast in starting media is often in poor condition and might be stuck to the walls. To pick it into solution, we've found the following to be effective:

1. Prepare approx. 50-200 ml of sterile approx. 1.040 pale wort.

> 2. Empty the container almost to the bottom, so that 10-50ml remains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Empty the container almost to the bottom, so that 10-50 ml remain.
```

3. Flame the opening and add sterile wort into container; mix thoroughly.
4. Wait until fermentation is visible; yeast could be sampled at high krauzen.

> 5. To sample, we again flame the opening of the bottle and pour some wort into sterile test tube. This wort could be used to streak the plate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To sample, flame the opening of the bottle and pour some wort into sterile test tube. This wort could be used to streak the plate.
```
